Added release notes for MSlice for 6.13 (#39466)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/Direct_Geometry/MSlice/Bugfixes/39466.rst

> - Fix for unhandled exception when overplotting a Cut plot with changed intensity and a Bragg peak.
> - Fix for crash when changing intensity to GDOS on an interactive Cut plot.
> - Catch OSError when attempting to save to read-only folder.
> - Fix for rounding error in width calculation for Cut plots.
> - Prevent crash for invalid characters in user input boxes such as Intensity, Bose and Scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overplotting a Cut plot with changed intensity and a Bragg peak no longer causes a crash.
- Changing intensity to GDOS on an interactive Cut plot no longer causes a crash.
- Attempting to save a file to a read-only folder will now display an error instead of causing a crash.
- Width calculation for Cut plots no longer causes rounding error.
- Invalid characters in user input boxes such as Intensity, Bose and Scale no longer produce a crash.
```
